README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Lee! 👋 My GitHub profile is my homepage now.
🏳️‍🌈 Pronouns: he/him

I'm a Partner at [Root Ventures](https://root.vc) ([GitHub](https://github.com/rootvc)) in San Francisco focused on investing in Seed-stage companies working on what I call [hard software](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software) - tools and services for developers, data scientists & engineers, and other technical folks; as well as startups where AI & machine learning are the core technology. I love working with software engineers of all kinds. If your founding team are great engineers, and that's a good thing, because you're going to need it for what you're building - we'd love to talk to you.

### What I invest in
- We invest in hard tech [(What does that mean?)](https://lee.af/hard-tech/)
- ...at the seed stage (or pre-seed, or post-seed.)
- I often ask these [questions](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software/) before investing.
- This is how I think about the [developer tools](https://twitter.com/terronk/status/1286774556317818880) and [gamedev tools](https://twitter.com/terronk/status/1298084339037528064) industries.

### Companies I work with

🐙 [__Okteto__](https://okteto.com) ([GitHub](https://github.com/okteto), [Docs](https://okteto.com/docs/getting-started)) is Heroku review apps for every cloud, every language, every architecture. Okteto is Kubernetes-native, but your app doesn't have to be. It creates ephemeral, high fidelity replicas of production for your development workflow, pull request, QA deploy, or sales environment.

🌊 [__Meroxa__](https://meroxa.io) ([GitHub](https://github.com/meroxa), [Docs](https://docs.meroxa.com/docs)) is the easy button for data engineering. The first suite of products builds real-time data streams between data sources like relational databases and data sinks like enterprise data warehouses. Meroxa's user experience is heavily inspired by Heroku, where Co-Founder/CEO [DeVaris Brown](https://github.com/devarismeroxa) was Director of Developer Experience (DX).

⚡ [__Superconductive__](https://superconductive.com) ([GitHub](https://github.com/superconductive), [Docs](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/blob/develop/README.md)) maintains the popular Open Source project [Great Expectations](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations), which provides a suite of unit test-like expectations and a test runner to help data teams build robust data ecosystems and pay down [pipeline debt](https://medium.com/@expectgreatdata/down-with-pipeline-debt-introducing-great-expectations-862ddc46782a).

#️⃣ [__HASH__](https://hash.ai) ([GitHub](https://github.com/hashintel), [Docs](https://docs.hash.ai/core/hello-world/hello-hash)) is a web-based service for building models and simulations, particularly [agent-based models and simulations](https://journal.sohostrategy.com/what-is-abm-abms-f52ff2f1f712) that draws some inspiration from [Glitch](https://glitch.com) (HASH's Chairman is Glitch founder [Joel Spolsky](https://joelonsoftware.com)). Some great examples here: [COVID-19](https://hash.ai/coronavirus).

👾 [__Esper__](https://esper.io) ([GitHub](https://esper-io), [Docs](https://docs.esper.io/)) provides a suite of tools to help build and maintain enterprise Android devices at the edge with a modern devops approach. The Esper platform includes an Android Studio plugin, command line tools, API client libraries, and an enterprise-focused Android-based operating system, cloud services such as logging, deployment, update, device provisioning, APM, abd remote login.

📅 [__Daily__ ](https://daily.co) ([GitHub](https://github.com/daily-co), [Docs](https://docs.daily.co/docs/reference-docs)) is the only single-line API to robust video chat, using the Open Source WebRTC protocol for P2P E2E encypted live video chat. It's used by companies like [Tandem](https://tandem.chat), [Screen](https://screen.so), and [Focusmate](https://focusmate.com), and [Standuply](https://standuply.com). I have two side projects using Daily, [Meet](https://github.com/rootvc/meet) and [Roulette](https://github.com/ledwards/roulette).

🍣 [__Wild Type__](https://www.wildtypefoods.com) is doing the extremely sci-fi work of replacing meat from animals with cell-cultured meat. More about that [here](https://thespoon.tech/wild-type-debuts-new-cultured-salmon-in-largest-tasting-of-lab-grown-meat/).

### Writing
A few highlights
- [My contrarian opinions about devtools](https://lee.af/devtools-opinions/)
- [Building our own video conferencing solution with daily.co](https://lee.af/meet-app/)
- [Floors and ceilings](https://lee.af/floors-and-ceilings/)
- [What is hard software](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software/)
- [If you learn these 3 things, you can make anything](https://lee.af/if-you-learn-these-3-things-you-can-make-anything/)
- [Developer tools are enterprise software](https://lee.af/developer-tools-are-enterprise-software/)
- [Developer tools are consumer software](https://lee.af/developer-tools-are-consumer-software/)
- [Hard tech](https://lee.af/hard-tech/)

### Podcasts & Videos
A pretty good way to get to know how I think about the world of software.
- [VC Hunting - My First Year at Root](https://vchunting.com/lee-edwards/)
- [Corecursive - Investing in Open Source](https://corecursive.com/043-lee-edwards-developer-tools/)
- [Sand Hill Road - Financing Hard Tech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4hZxxGHdjI&feature=youtu.be)
- [Disruptive Innovation - Hard Tech Startups](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/episode-4-what-is-hard-tech-or-deep-tech-why-are-companies/id1477671920?i=1000449154107)
- [Village Global - Hard Tech w/ Trae Vasallo](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/requests-for-startups-hard-tech-trae-vassallo-lee-edwards/id1316769266?i=1000444589418)
- [Neoliberal Podcast - What is Venture Capital?](https://podtail.com/podcast/the-neolib-podcast/getting-to-the-root-of-venture-capital-ft-lee-edwa/)

### Code
I still code for fun. A lot of my projects are kind of silly and maybe a bit overly contrived. I'll often choose a technology just to try to learn it, but I still love coding and always do a company's Hello World before investing.
- our [video conferencing software](https://github.com/rootvc/meet) at Root Ventures, which I called Meet, I think before Google (or at least before I'd heard of Google Meet). Built with the [Daily.co](https://daily.co) API, written about [here](https://lee.af/meet-app/).
- a [Chat Roulette clone](https://github.com/ledwards/roulette) built with the [Daily.co](https://daily.co) API.
- we have a mobile web app that lets us manage our Root Ventures office party drink list called [rebar](https://github.com/rootvc/rebar). It uses [Dark](https://darklang.com) on the backend.
- I built my blog, [lee.af](https://lee.af) backend on self-hosted headless [Ghost](https://ghost.io), hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com) ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/ghost-on-heroku)), and front-end as a [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) single-page app using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started/) ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/gatsby-ghost)) with a modified ghostium theme ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/ghostium)).
- I used to be a competitive [Star Wars CCG](https://www.starwarsccg.org/) player and I used the concept of a two-player card table to test out just about every client-to-client sync library out there. That's [Asteroid](https://github.com/ledwards/asteroid), [Skyhopper](https://github.com/ledwards/skyhopper), [Twin-Ion](https://github.com/ledwards/twin-ion)

### In the News
- [The time the San Francisco Chronicle wrote about my Zoom birthday party](https://www.sfchronicle.com/culture/article/Coronavirus-Staying-at-home-many-in-the-Bay-15148763.php)
- [The time Business Insider wrote about me going to the gym](https://www.businessinsider.com/i-tried-barrys-bootcamp-a-vc-favorite-intense-fitness-program-2019-5)

Commit message:

Add Alan Technologies to portfolio

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Lee! 👋 My GitHub profile is my homepage now.
🏳️‍🌈 Pronouns: he/him

I'm a Partner at [Root Ventures](https://root.vc) ([GitHub](https://github.com/rootvc)) in San Francisco focused on investing in Seed-stage companies working on what I call [hard software](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software) - tools and services for developers, data scientists & engineers, and other technical folks; as well as startups where AI & machine learning are the core technology. I love working with software engineers of all kinds. If your founding team are great engineers, and that's a good thing, because you're going to need it for what you're building - we'd love to talk to you.

### What I invest in
- We invest in hard tech [(What does that mean?)](https://lee.af/hard-tech/)
- ...at the seed stage (or pre-seed, or post-seed.)
- I often ask these [questions](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software/) before investing.
- This is how I think about the [developer tools](https://twitter.com/terronk/status/1286774556317818880) and [gamedev tools](https://twitter.com/terronk/status/1298084339037528064) industries.

### Companies I work with

👨‍🚀 [__Alan Technologies__](https://alan-lang.org) ([GitHub](https://github.com/alantech/alan), [Docs](https://docs.alan-lang.org/), [Blog](https://alan-lang.org/blog.html), [Community](https://discord.com/invite/XatB9we)) makes the Open Source programming language Alan, the first language designed from the ground up to support distributed systems programming effortlessly. Due to its unique langauge design, the Alan runtime is able to estimate each instruction's execution time from the DAG, and whether a given operation will run more efficiently locally or seamlessly across its distributed backend. Like Rust does for threads, the Alan language enforces distributed systems safety at the langauge design and compiler level.

🐙 [__Okteto__](https://okteto.com) ([GitHub](https://github.com/okteto), [Docs](https://okteto.com/docs/getting-started)) is Heroku review apps for every cloud, every language, every architecture. Okteto is Kubernetes-native, but your app doesn't have to be. It creates ephemeral, high fidelity replicas of production for your development workflow, pull request, QA deploy, or sales environment.

🌊 [__Meroxa__](https://meroxa.io) ([GitHub](https://github.com/meroxa), [Docs](https://docs.meroxa.com/docs)) is the easy button for data engineering. The first suite of products builds real-time data streams between data sources like relational databases and data sinks like enterprise data warehouses. Meroxa's user experience is heavily inspired by Heroku, where Co-Founder/CEO [DeVaris Brown](https://github.com/devarismeroxa) was Director of Developer Experience (DX).

⚡ [__Superconductive__](https://superconductive.com) ([GitHub](https://github.com/superconductive), [Docs](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/blob/develop/README.md)) maintains the popular Open Source project [Great Expectations](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations), which provides a suite of unit test-like expectations and a test runner to help data teams build robust data ecosystems and pay down [pipeline debt](https://medium.com/@expectgreatdata/down-with-pipeline-debt-introducing-great-expectations-862ddc46782a).

#️⃣ [__HASH__](https://hash.ai) ([GitHub](https://github.com/hashintel), [Docs](https://docs.hash.ai/core/hello-world/hello-hash)) is a web-based service for building models and simulations, particularly [agent-based models and simulations](https://journal.sohostrategy.com/what-is-abm-abms-f52ff2f1f712) that draws some inspiration from [Glitch](https://glitch.com) (HASH's Chairman is Glitch founder [Joel Spolsky](https://joelonsoftware.com)). Some great examples here: [COVID-19](https://hash.ai/coronavirus).

👾 [__Esper__](https://esper.io) ([GitHub](https://esper-io), [Docs](https://docs.esper.io/)) provides a suite of tools to help build and maintain enterprise Android devices at the edge with a modern devops approach. The Esper platform includes an Android Studio plugin, command line tools, API client libraries, and an enterprise-focused Android-based operating system, cloud services such as logging, deployment, update, device provisioning, APM, abd remote login.

📅 [__Daily__ ](https://daily.co) ([GitHub](https://github.com/daily-co), [Docs](https://docs.daily.co/docs/reference-docs)) is the only single-line API to robust video chat, using the Open Source WebRTC protocol for P2P E2E encypted live video chat. It's used by companies like [Tandem](https://tandem.chat), [Screen](https://screen.so), and [Focusmate](https://focusmate.com), and [Standuply](https://standuply.com). I have two side projects using Daily, [Meet](https://github.com/rootvc/meet) and [Roulette](https://github.com/ledwards/roulette).

🍣 [__Wild Type__](https://www.wildtypefoods.com) is doing the extremely sci-fi work of replacing meat from animals with cell-cultured meat. More about that [here](https://thespoon.tech/wild-type-debuts-new-cultured-salmon-in-largest-tasting-of-lab-grown-meat/).

### Writing
A few highlights
- [My contrarian opinions about devtools](https://lee.af/devtools-opinions/)
- [Building our own video conferencing solution with daily.co](https://lee.af/meet-app/)
- [Floors and ceilings](https://lee.af/floors-and-ceilings/)
- [What is hard software](https://lee.af/what-is-hard-software/)
- [If you learn these 3 things, you can make anything](https://lee.af/if-you-learn-these-3-things-you-can-make-anything/)
- [Developer tools are enterprise software](https://lee.af/developer-tools-are-enterprise-software/)
- [Developer tools are consumer software](https://lee.af/developer-tools-are-consumer-software/)
- [Hard tech](https://lee.af/hard-tech/)

### Podcasts & Videos
A pretty good way to get to know how I think about the world of software.
- [VC Hunting - My First Year at Root](https://vchunting.com/lee-edwards/)
- [Corecursive - Investing in Open Source](https://corecursive.com/043-lee-edwards-developer-tools/)
- [Sand Hill Road - Financing Hard Tech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4hZxxGHdjI&feature=youtu.be)
- [Disruptive Innovation - Hard Tech Startups](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/episode-4-what-is-hard-tech-or-deep-tech-why-are-companies/id1477671920?i=1000449154107)
- [Village Global - Hard Tech w/ Trae Vasallo](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/requests-for-startups-hard-tech-trae-vassallo-lee-edwards/id1316769266?i=1000444589418)
- [Neoliberal Podcast - What is Venture Capital?](https://podtail.com/podcast/the-neolib-podcast/getting-to-the-root-of-venture-capital-ft-lee-edwa/)

### Code
I still code for fun. A lot of my projects are kind of silly and maybe a bit overly contrived. I'll often choose a technology just to try to learn it, but I still love coding and always do a company's Hello World before investing.
- our [video conferencing software](https://github.com/rootvc/meet) at Root Ventures, which I called Meet, I think before Google (or at least before I'd heard of Google Meet). Built with the [Daily.co](https://daily.co) API, written about [here](https://lee.af/meet-app/).
- a [Chat Roulette clone](https://github.com/ledwards/roulette) built with the [Daily.co](https://daily.co) API.
- we have a mobile web app that lets us manage our Root Ventures office party drink list called [rebar](https://github.com/rootvc/rebar). It uses [Dark](https://darklang.com) on the backend.
- I built my blog, [lee.af](https://lee.af) backend on self-hosted headless [Ghost](https://ghost.io), hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com) ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/ghost-on-heroku)), and front-end as a [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) single-page app using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started/) ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/gatsby-ghost)) with a modified ghostium theme ([Code](https://github.com/ledwards/ghostium)).
- I used to be a competitive [Star Wars CCG](https://www.starwarsccg.org/) player and I used the concept of a two-player card table to test out just about every client-to-client sync library out there. That's [Asteroid](https://github.com/ledwards/asteroid), [Skyhopper](https://github.com/ledwards/skyhopper), [Twin-Ion](https://github.com/ledwards/twin-ion)

### In the News
- [The time the San Francisco Chronicle wrote about my Zoom birthday party](https://www.sfchronicle.com/culture/article/Coronavirus-Staying-at-home-many-in-the-Bay-15148763.php)
- [The time Business Insider wrote about me going to the gym](https://www.businessinsider.com/i-tried-barrys-bootcamp-a-vc-favorite-intense-fitness-program-2019-5)
